Set the length of each column (#126)
jazzband/prettytable: README.md

elements are the data in each of the table's columns, in order, including a repeated
instance of the data in the `sort_by` column.

> ##### Setting the minimum columns lengths

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Setting columns' minimum widths
```

```python
x.columns_min_widths = [30, 15, 20, None]
print(x)
```

to get:

```
+--------------------------------+-----------------+----------------------+-----------------+
|           City name            |       Area      |      Population      | Annual Rainfall |
+--------------------------------+-----------------+----------------------+-----------------+
|            Adelaide            |       1295      |       1158259        |      600.5      |
|            Brisbane            |       5905      |       1857594        |      1146.4     |
|             Darwin             |       112       |        120900        |      1714.7     |
|             Hobart             |       1357      |        205556        |      619.5      |
|             Sydney             |       2058      |       4336374        |      1214.8     |
|           Melbourne            |       1566      |       3806092        |      646.9      |
|             Perth              |       5386      |       1554769        |      869.4      |
+--------------------------------+-----------------+----------------------+-----------------+
```

> If the argument `None` is passed, then the minimum width is automatically selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `None` is given for a column, then the minimum width is calculated based on the column's data.
```

Reviewer: Also, we're internally translating `None` into `0`, shall we change the API to take `0` instead of `None`?

I think zero has more meaning than `None`: "I want the minimum width to be zero = I'm not setting a bigger value, it has to be *at least zero*!"
